some of the chronic disorder is really
deceitful they lie a lot that's what I
want is I want your trust I think one of
the things that I always respected about
Harley's I felt like he would be honest
about a situation and again it's coming
from Jeremiah making up lies talking
[ __ ] and he said a lot of things that I
think are just completely just outright
lies that's what I want is I want you to
trust kind of societal norms and beliefs
and laws that are in place they don't
believe in them they have their own set
of rules people who say that's wrong you
kind of do that and then they give a
[ __ ] kind of getting prison to set
probably they may even put someone else
in danger for their own personal gain
his name is El charming fellow by the
name of durianrider has made criminal
allegations against me you gotta smash
their [ __ ] teeth out and put him in
hospital before that load how do we do
ways [ __ ] scumbags the message he is
posed to the Internet is pointedly
unclear is he done anything criminal no
not unaware of and never reveals what it
is exactly that I'm accused of slamming
maze slamming freely he seems certain
that I should be apprehended brought to
the police is he done anything criminal
no not I'm aware of you got to smash
their [ __ ] take that I guess I'm soon
find out but the most important thing to
remember about people have this
diagnosis that manipulation and lying is
the core of their issue based on who he
is when I'm around here and that is a
really good person I'm extremely
disappointed to say that like you can't
trust what he's saying all the time but
I just want to be 100% transparent
honest seems to be so transparent
completely just straight out lives and
he's contacting underage girls do I
think he's a sexual predator yes there
are videos on this channel of me having
conversations with younger women it's a
very deep conversation about veganism
about activism nothing sexy about that
conversation do I think he's a sexual
predator yes anyone disagrees me he's
still [ __ ] wrong
you're probably
actually pretty [ __ ] so the irony of
it is that it wasn't
aisel been invited me back to his
hometown nervous Holly he didn't respect
my answer he kissed me like he had been
the most sexually predatory presses that
I have come across you're probably a
sexual predator you [ __ ] cell we also
tend to lack empathy for other people
because we see those people is almost
competitors you know the [ __ ] new
vegan
you just love an anorexic ignore sort of
person people who just [ __ ] jealous
as [ __ ]
it's jealous if [ __ ] to make money off
us you have to punch the information in
again again we're the best we're number
one right is the highest caliber
festival on the planet man biggest vegan
festival on the planet and it's free
jealous of [ __ ] jealously our freedom
lost solid work for JEP the influence we
have the following we have that our fans
are solid just [ __ ] jealous as [ __ ]
but I just wanted to be 100% transparent
honest you can't trust what you say all
the time but the most important thing to
remember about people have this
diagnosis that manipulation and line is
the core of their issue a really good
person that's what I want is I want your
trust so tell you what a community is
very easy to exploit so any trusting
people naive people it just comes in the
individual to realize that realize
realize real lives
now I love freedom of speech because it
allows me to show the world how much of
an [ __ ] I really am but in this world
we live and I understand that there are
repercussions for things that we say
people said that strongly turned do that
and only give a [ __ ] gonna get in prison
flat probably gonna get in prison for
that
probably